In the last lecture we drilled our first basic directive and it's doing its job.
We learned how to create a selector how to use that selector like an attribute.
In this case since we set up an attribute selector and how to register an module we also learned how
to get access to the element of directive sits on.
This however is not the best way of changing that style because as you might recall from some early
lecture in the course accessing elements directly like this is not a good practice.
You should use a different tool which I'll show you in a second because Engler actually is also able
to render your templates without a dom and then these properties might not be available.
It could do this when using service workers so basically some advanced use cases but nonetheless it's
not a good practice to directly access your elements.
How should we access them then.
Well there is some Abara Harbor you can and checked it's the renderer So let's do this.
But actually let's not do it.
Our basic Heiler directive.
Let's create a new one in four days I will create a new one with the generate command or just g as you
learned with the Seelye and then directive or just D and then any name of your choice and all named
is better.
Highlight.
So this will give us a new file or two new files.
King delete the testing file and we can also put this into its own folder of course.
It's not the default but let's do it here.
Better highlight.
You could also create a central shared or directives folder where you store all your directives for
now just for all purposes and to have a clear separation and make this easy to see put them into individual
folders to better highlight the effect of your India module I will need to adjust my paths inside just
moved it to the better.
Highlight folder so make sure to point to the right path in the right file then in there we get a select
or better highlight.
Now anti-Second Let's check this better too.
I was referring to it's the render which is of type render too.
And this needs to be imported from ET angular slash core.
Now what does inject that we can use it and I will use energy on it again.
You still stick to this best practice of doing initialization work there.
Make sure to import on it or just on it a year from at AngloGold.
And now let's implement ngi on in a year.
And there I can use the renderer.
I do this by calling the property which I created to your private renderer and there we get a couple
of helper methods you can use to work with the DOM basically.
Now one important Befort I'm interested in here is the set style method.
This method allows us to guess what set the style of some element.
Now the problem here is for that we need to have the element for which you want to set the style.
And of course an angler.
There are different ways of getting such an element here in the directive.
It's exceptionally simple.
We already saw how to get one in the basic directivity basic highlight directive.
We can simply inject the element reference so I'll add another private property here or argument which
will automatically be bound to a private property I should say which are named LGF.
And this will be of type element ref which we then also ask before need to import your element ref from
at a lower court.
Now with this import added here.
Now I can use this element ref here by calling this Allen ref.
And here I then went to access to native element and that's important.
We can pass the itself.
We need to get access to the underlying element and pasters as a first argument here to set style.
Now set style takes a couple of arguments we defined which element we want to style.
Now we have to define which style we want to set.
And that would be the background color in our case with the style property defined.
The first argument we passed to the said style method is de-value we want re-assign for this property.
Now we could set the background color here to blue the fourth and final argument is a Flack's object.
Here we can set a couple of flags for this style and this is optional.
I will leave it out here.
What you could said here are things like if you want to add an important tag so this exclamation mark
important notation for a style to override other styles or something like that.
Now this however does it for my case this year.
And now if we save this with our better to highlight directive already added to AB module we can go
to the app component and add it here too.
I would simply duplicate is paragraph here and use app better highlight here.
Our new directive again which is available through to select or since we also added it to the app module
and then here I want to stalled is with a better directive.
Now if we saved us and let it recompile and reload the browser We already see the blue background here
behind this paragraph.
So our new directive here the battery directive is working and now we're using the render which is a
better approach of accessing the dawn.
Now why is it a better approach.
Singular is not limited to running in the browser here.
Aid for example also works with service workers.
And these are environments where you might not have access to the dorm.
So if you try to change the dorm as you did here in basic highlight by directly accessing the native
element and the style of this element you might get an error in some circumstances.
Now to be honest in most circumstances you probably don't and you probably also know if your app is
going to run in the browser or not still it is a better practice to use the render a for Dom access
and to use the methods to render a provides to access to dawn.
You can learn more about the renderer in an article after this lecture here if you are interested.
Just another note I had to rerecord this part here because the renderer type you're changed from render
a V-2 to just render it.
To ask did some arguments you could pass to set style therefore in the average videos in the section
you will see that this code looks slightly different not by much though.
Don't get confused by this.
The code you see here is to code you should use in the code which will work all the average code shown
in the section of course is not changed.
Is Still The Same.
It's only does render sextile method and render a type which is now rendered to and not render a V-2
as you will see in the ABBA videos.
With that let's move on